DOC: Add FAQ page (#308)
equinor/fmu-settings: docs/src/faq.md

<style>
summary {
  font-size: 1em;
  font-weight: bold;
  cursor: pointer;
}
</style>

# FAQ

> 

Reviewer: I think we can add a short introduction on how to use the FAQ here, as described in the issue description.

## General
<details>
    <summary>Why do I have to use FMU Settings</summary>

>     FMU Settings replaces parts of the tedious and error-prone process of manually editing the global configuration file by providing a simple user interface for configuring your FMU project. It connects FMU data to official databases, including validation of the data. See documentation <a href="https://equinor.github.io/fmu-settings/overview.html">here</a>.

Reviewer: the link to another page in the same documentation can use relative markdown link, for example https://github.com/equinor/fmu-settings/blob/5b3d9cde959b8556ad9241d08d3218079634951c/docs/src/index.md?plain=1#L13 instead of using xml link. Other link for this docs should also be updated.

</details>

<details>
    <summary>What is SMDA?</summary>

>     <a href="https://smda.equinor.com/">SMDA</a> is Equinor's official database for subsurface master data (ex. field name, well name, stratigraphic element names etc.)

Reviewer: an external link should follow the convention in this docs by adding target and rel, for example https://github.com/equinor/fmu-settings/blob/5b3d9cde959b8556ad9241d08d3218079634951c/docs/src/index.md?plain=1#L20
it will let external link open in a new tab with better security and privacy. other external link on this page should also be updated.

</details>

<details>
    <summary>Who can I reach out to if I don't find answers to my questions in the documentation pages?</summary>
    If you need support you can reach out to the development team in the Slack channel <a href="https://equinor.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C09MFKN4NC9">fmu-settings</a> or you can post a question in the Viva Engage group <a href="https://engage.cloud.microsoft/main/org/statoil.com/groups/eyJfdHlwZSI6Ikdyb3VwIiwiaWQiOiI3OTMyMjAxIn0">FMU Users</a>. 
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Can I use FMU Settings if my Field is not in SMDA?</summary>
    No. Your field must be in SMDA for you to be able to use FMU Settings, as FMU Settings connects to SMDA for setting project masterdata, and for mapping of stratigraphy and wells to official names.
</details>

<details>

>     <summary>Can I use FMU Settings if my asset is not in enrolled in Sumo yet?</summary>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    <summary> Can I use FMU Settings even if my asset has not yet been enrolled in Sumo? </summary>
```

    Yes. You can use FMU Settings even if your field/asset has not yet been enrolled in Sumo. It will add metadata to your FMU results stored on the scratch disk. However, you will not be able to use cloud based-tools like Webviz or REP if your project is not in Sumo and your data is uploaded to Sumo as part of your ERT run. 
</details>

<details>

>     <summary>Can two users run FMU Settings on the same project at the same time?</summary>

Reviewer 2: I think since the question is referring to the use of FMU settings applications on the same project at the same time, the answer should be no, followed by the explanation provided currently. We can add another question like "Can two users use the FMU Settings application at the same time ? " then we can give the answer as Yes specifying that the users are working on two different projects and not on the same project. I got a bit confused when reading it myself ( but that could just be me).

>     Yes. More than one user can have the application open at the same time. However, to avoid people overwriting each other’s work, only one user can make edits at a time. The project can be either editable or read-only. If the project is read-only, try Enable editing. If someone else is already editing, FMU Settings shows who currently holds the lock.

Reviewer 2: The answer should be no right ? No two users cannot use the application if they are accessing the same project. They would have to wait for the project to be in editable mode etc .

Reviewer: they can, this is already correct. two users can open the app on the same project but only one can edit/write to the project.

</details>

<details>
    <summary>Can I keep all settings in my global config and still use FMU Settings?</summary>
    If you have one or more of these sections in your <code>global_master_config.yml</code> file you should remove them (and the corresponding files in <code>/fmuconfig/input</code>):
    <ul>
    <li>model</li>
    <li>masterdata</li>
    <li>stratigraphy</li>
    <li>access</li> </ul>
</details>

<details>
    <summary>I have just started using FMU Settings. What do I need to change in my FMU model to be able to run everything?</summary>
    If you have one or more of these sections in your <code>global_master_config.yml</code> file you should remove them (and the corresponding files in <code>/fmuconfig/input</code>):
    <ul>
    <li>model</li>
    <li>masterdata</li>
    <li>stratigraphy</li>
    <li>access</li> </ul>
    If you don't have these sections in your <code>global_master_config.yml</code> you do not need to change anything, you're good to go!

> </details>

Reviewer: i think we should be clear here that users have to remove those sections only after they configured them in FMU Settings. If they haven't, we will import them if it exists. They should not delete them if they haven't configured them in FMU Settings.

## Initialization and Getting Started
<details>
    <summary>Why is the list of projects to open empty?</summary>

>     If FMU Settings opens without a project available in the dropdown list, it is because you have not initialized the project first. Check the Getting Started page on how to initialize FMU Settings.

Reviewer: This dropdown only shows recent projects. It can be empty even when the project is already initialized. We could instead tell the user to enter the project path manually and the GUI will then open the project or offer to initialize it if needed. Then refer to Getting Started page to learn more.

</details>

<details>
    <summary>Why is my project opened in read only mode?</summary>

>     An FMU Settings project will always open in read-only mode, and you have to specifically enable editing to be able to edit anything. By enabling edit mode a lock file will be created for your user, preventing other users from editing the project at the same time. This lock file will expire after a given time period and you will be asked if you want to keep working or release the lock file. This is similar to what you are used to with RMS and RMS lock files. 

Reviewer: FMU Settings will not always open in read only mode. When a project is opened, the API immediately tries to acquire the project lock. The first user normally gets the lock, and the project opens as editable. If another user already holds the lock, the project opens as read-only, and GUI shows "Show lock information" button in Project Overview page. If the other lock is released or expires, the GUI shows "Enable editing" button instead.

Could we update the answer to something like:
“A project opens as read-only when another user already holds the project lock. You can view the project, but you cannot save changes. FMU Settings shows who holds the lock. When the lock becomes available, select Enable editing on the Project Overview page to acquire it.”

</details>

## RMS project
<details>
    <summary>What does it mean to access the RMS project from within FMU Settings?</summary>
    To be able to edit the stratigraphy and the wellbores sections in FMU Settings you must establish the connection between FMU Settings and RMS, making RMS accessible for FMU Settings to read from. Due to a limited number of RMS licenses and license limitations, RMS is not opened by default when FMU Settings is opened. When you access the RMS project you will have an open connection to RMS for 2 hours, before the RMS connection will be automatically closed.
</details>

## Masterdata
<details>
    <summary>Why can't I see my field when I search for it?</summary>
    If your field is not available in the list it means that your field is not in SMDA. To be able to map your project to official masterdata your field must exist in SMDA. See <a href="https://equinor.github.io/fmu-settings/overview.html">here</a>.
</details>

<details>
    <summary>Can I add a stratigraphic column from a neighboring field when my field does not have its own stratigraphic column?</summary>

>     No. Adding a stratigraphic column from a neighboring field is not possible. To be able to add a stratigraphic column your field must have at least one stratigraphic column in SMDA.

Reviewer: Should we tell users to add the neighboring field in the FMU Settings project so they can select its stratigraphic column in the masterdata?

</details>

## Mapping
<details>
    <summary>I have updated my stratigraphic framework in RMS. What do I need to do in FMU Settings to include the updated stratigraphy in my project?</summary>

>     If you have made changes to the stratigraphic column in RMS you must open FMU Settings for your project, access the RMS project, and then add and/or remove horizons and zones accordingly. If you have added horizons and/or zones these must also be mapped, see the stratigraphy mapping page.

Reviewer: Could we also explain what happens to removed stratigraphy? When the user clicks Edit button in Stratigraphy page, horizons and zones stored in FMU Settings but no longer present in RMS are shown in Orphan Warning Box. Selecting Save removes this orphan stratigraphy and its mappings. The user must still add any new RMS stratigraphy to the project and map the new items.
Suggested answer:
“Open FMU Settings, access the RMS project, and open RMS Stratigraphy page. Add the new horizons and zones to the project. Any stored horizons or zones that are no longer present in RMS will be removed, together with their mappings, when you select Save. Map the newly added stratigraphy on the Mappings Stratigraphy page.”

</details>

<details>
    <summary>I have added new wells to RMS. What do I need to do in FMU Settings to add the new wells to my project?</summary>

>     If you have made changes to the wells in RMS you must open FMU Settings for your project, access the RMS project, and then add and/or remove wells accordingly. If you have added one or more wells, these must also be mapped, see the wellbore mapping page.

Reviewer: Similar thing could be added for orphan wells.

    To copy FMU Settings from one revision to another, you can use the terminal command <code>fmu sync</code>. See the documentation for instructions on how to use this command <a href="https://equinor.github.io/fmu-settings/terminal_commands.html">here</a>.
</details>

<details>
    <summary>I merged FMU Settings from my user revision to the master revision by accident. What should I do to roll back to a previous version?</summary>
    If you have saved changes in FMU Settings, you will have previous versions stored as snapshots on the History page. Here you can pick a previous version (snapshot) and restore it. The current version will then be overwritten by the snapshot version you have chosen.
</details>

## Access and Authentication
<details>
    <summary>Why do I have to log on and authenticate every time I want to make changes to my project's masterdata?</summary>
    You have to log on and authenticate to be able to access data in SMDA. 
</details>

## Troubleshooting
<details>
    <summary>I have edited something in my .fmu folder manually. Is there a way to get back a previous version?</summary>

>     No, which also is also why users should never edit the content of .fmu manually.

Reviewer: we should warn users not to edit manually, but if they do, they can restore to the previous version via the History page.
